gh-142276: Watch attribute loads when promoting JIT constants (#142303)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-12-05-14-33-54.gh-issue-142276.H4j8hP.rst

> Fix a bug with attribute loads treated as constants in the JIT. Patch by Ken Jin. Reproducer by Yuancheng Jiang.

Reviewer: This wording makes it seem like treating attributes as constants is the bug. Maybe we can be more specific here and mention that the fix is to add the missing type watcher?
```suggestion
Fix missing type watcher when promoting attribute loads to constants in the JIT. Patch by Ken Jin. Reproducer by Yuancheng Jiang.
```
